The two of them couldn't tell more. Now let me tell you the story of Wu Tiantian’s death.
I don't have any more wishes. Last time, my wife was robbed.
Everyone knows it. Only a few of us in the entire carriage knew about the cycle.
No other stories are known. How do you know that people don't remember what happened in the last cycle?
If they had known about it from the beginning they would have asked to get off.
Who wants to be blown up? Even if you say so,
Who would believe it. Just tell the truth,
I believe that justice lies in people's hearts,
Only then. Everyone, take out your cell phones,
Start recording video.
I will take responsibility for every word I say next
Hospitals near No. 3 Primary School
Send a written document
It's a ten year old girl
It was said that I was admitted to the hospital where I had a fever.
Notify family members
Let’s just say pneumonia caused by fever
You were just transferred to our hospital, right?
This is our hospital
There is one free quota every year
All the people
Do you start drawing blood on the day you are hospitalized?
A thousand years old to the sky